Document first-time developer setup, add conda option (#2083)
moj-analytical-services/splink: docs/dev_guides/changing_splink/testing.md

pytest tests/
```

!!! information Note

>     If you do not have an AWS account, or have not set up Splink to use it, you will need to add

Reviewer: It might be better to tweak the logic on this function. I've added a decorator in our [linkage repo](https://github.com/moj-analytical-services/data_linking/blob/main/tests/communicate_with_s3.py#L16) that detects whether you're logged in and able to access s3 and skips if not and seems to be more stable.

When I get to this step I'll briefly check it and create an issue if it seems to be worth the effort.

>     If you do not have an AWS account, or have not set up Splink to use it, you will need to add

Author: The linkage repo is not public; I will apply Robin's suggested change for now and see if it works for me.

>     If you do not have an AWS account, or have not set up Splink to use it, you will need to add

Author: It does 🎉 -- I'll leave further improvements to a future PR.

>     `--ignore tests/test_full_example_athena.py` to every `pytest` command you run.

Reviewer 2: This is supposed to be handled automatically, but perhaps it's not working.

Specifically, [this](https://github.com/moj-analytical-services/splink/blob/bfaf8d142f7aad03f281b6324dd530e202eaec9a/tests/test_full_example_athena.py#L38) should cause the tests to be skipped if the test cannot create a valid connection to Athena

??? tip "Running tests with docker 🐳"

>     Testing Splink against a specific version of Python can be useful
>     if you're using py > 3.9.10 (which is currently in use in our tests github action)
>     and need to run a secondary set of tests.

Reviewer: While this isn't technically incorrect (we are still only running Splink against versions of python <= 3.9.10 in our matrix tests), I think we should probably pre-emptively reword this.

Something along the lines of:
```suggestion
    Testing Splink against a specific version of Python, especially newer versions not included in our GitHub Actions, is vital for identifying compatibility issues 
    early and reviewing errors reported by users.
```
